## WORK IN PROGRESS

As I am actively working on the project, things may be broken from time to time, I apologise in advance for any bugs or faults you may encounter when downloading directly from the repository.

Hoping to put out a proper release of all three parts of the project again some time soon.

## Terms to know right off the bat:
*K1/KotOR1*: Knights of the Old Republic 1

*K2/KotOR2/TSL*: Knights of the Old Republic 2: The Sith Lords

*BoS/BoSSR*: Brotherhood of Shadow: Solomon's Revenge

*Main*: TSL: Expanded Galaxy

*Port*: KotOR: Expanded Galaxy

*Hood*: Brotherhood of Shadow: Solomon's Revenge: Expanded Galaxy

# Expanded Galaxy Main
Expanded Galaxy is a mod that adds the planets from the first game and a bunch of fixes / changes / additions.

The current version is only compatible with the Steam version of the game or anyone that uses the Aspyr Patch, which can be installed to other versions of the game. ( see step 3 ) [https://github.com/Thor110/Expanded-Galaxy-Main?tab=readme-ov-file#installation]

In future I might circle back around and make it compatible with the other versions of the game as there are pro's and con's to both versions.

## Repository folder and file structure
# Folders
Expanded Galaxy Main Installer - the main installer folder containing the source folder and tslpatchdata folder as well as HoloPatcher.

future - future stuff to work on.
- 001MAL - to remind me to work on a version of the Ebon Hawk to be used on Malachor based on 001EBO.
- 201TEL - might not be used, was considering adding the ability to travel back to the Telos surface.
- LegacySupport - notes and files for legacy support.
- New Global Scripts - new global scripts.
- New Worlds Setup - template script for setting up new worlds.
- Texture Overhaul - the beginnings of a set of lists that will eventually be used as a basis for working on a texture overhaul for the project.
- Kashyyyk Maze - notes on an idea.
- mobile.png - notes on converting audio for the mobile release.

includes - temporary includes folder to be used in compile all script.

modules - contains the level files organised into folders denoting the planet and module names as well as the .mod files themselves, I use this to quickly and easily repack levels.

saves - the latest common save for testing purposes.

Scripts Left To Decompile - scripts that haven't been decompiled yet exist here.

# Files
- .gitattributes - the gitattributes file.
- .gitignore - the gitignore file.
- compile-all-nss-in-all-sub-directories.bat - a batch script for compiling all scripts in all sub-directories.
- find-includes.bat - a batch script to find all scripts that use include scripts.
- generate-override-file-list.bat - a batch script for generating the override folder file list for use in the changes.ini file.
- includes.txt - a text file generated by "find-includes.bat" that contains a list of all scripts that use include scripts.
- nwnnsscomp.exe - nwnnsscomp
- nwscript.nss - nwscript.nss source script
- README.md - the readme.md file.
- TESTING.md - the testing.md file.
- update-modules.bat - A batch file used for updating the .mod files inside the "Expanded Galaxy Main Installer\tslpatchdata\modules" directory using those from the "Modules Source" folder.
- version.txt - the current version number.

## Installation
The following install order is *required* for Expanded Galaxy Main:

NOTE : Do not use the Steam Workshop for any mods when using this project.

1: (KotOR 2 TSL) [https://store.steampowered.com/app/208580/STAR_WARS_Knights_of_the_Old_Republic_II__The_Sith_Lords/]

2: 1.0B Patch "sw_pc_english_from200424_to210427.exe" ( GoG & Steam Users Must Skip This Step ) [https://www.moddb.com/games/star-wars-knights-of-the-old-republic-ii/downloads/patch-1-0b-us]

3: Aspyr Patched Files ( Optional for GoG & Disc Users ) ( Steam Users Must Skip This Step ) [https://www.gog.com/forum/star_wars_knights_of_the_old_republic_series/kotor_ii_drmfree_steam_update/page1]

4: TSLRCM [https://deadlystream.com/files/file/578-tsl-restored-content-mod/]

5: M4-78EP [https://deadlystream.com/files/file/277-m4-78-enhancement-project/]

6: Coruscant [https://deadlystream.com/files/file/585-coruscant-jedi-temple-by-deathdisco/]

7: TSL Expanded Galaxy (Main) (the mod provided by this repo)
## Optional Add-ons
8: KotOR Expanded Galaxy (Port) [https://github.com/Thor110/Expanded-Galaxy-Port]

9: Brotherhood (Hood) [https://github.com/Thor110/Expanded-Galaxy-Hood]
