========================================================
KNIGHTS OF THE OLD REPUBLIC II SOURCE FILE
========================================================

Varsity TSL: Peragus V. 1.02

=================================

Author: VarsityPuppet
For: K2
Date: 11/06/2010
E-mail: officialvpcombat@yahoo.com

=================================


DESCRIPTION:

I was playing through Peragus and wondering why so many people want to skip through it and forget it. It's really a nice place, and it's too bad that some consider it to be quite a chore. I set out to make a mod that would remedy this problem. I don't know if I've succeeded quite yet at this point, but I think ultimately this is a good start


This mod adds a bit of content to the collection of modules you currently know as Peragus. The changes are
as follows:

- Random tan corpses have been replaced with actual dead miners. 
    + Non important characters have randomized appearances.
    + Security, Administrator, Med, Dock officers have individual corpses.
    + Coorta and thugs have individual corpses
    + Miners in the dormitories now match their appearances in the holorecords.


COMPATIBILITY:

It should pretty much be compatible with any mod that doesn't modify the same files. 

IF you plan on using this with the prologue, Peragus and Harbinger correction mod, install that mod first and THEN this one.
___________________________________________________________

INSTALL:

use the TSLPatcher. It should install everything correctly.


UNINSTALL:

navigate to the backup folder and place the contents into the Modules folder. This should overwrite the modded .rims with the originals

___________________________________________________________


BUGS:

At the beginning of some modules, you may experience slight lag. This is due to about... 12 extra miners being spawned and then changing appearances all at the same time. I may very will fix this in the next version, but we'll see how it goes.

___________________________________________________________


PERMISSION:

You may use this mod as you see fit. Display it in screenshots, make it compatible with your mod, yada yada yada... However, do please give credit where it's due, and DO NOT release it with any of your mods without my permission. Thanks.


If you have any ideas for improvements, email me, or if you want to you can mod them yourselves and include them in the mod. Saves me time and I'll give you credit for what I put in.


THANKS:
	KScriptEditor
	All of you modders out there who I've consistently studied and slowly learned from.


All materials and copyrights belong to LucasArts, BioWare Corp. and Obsidian Entertainment Inc.