Ultimate Ebon Hawk Repairs v2.0.0

[Description:]
The fastest ship in the galaxy is also a work in progress. When they are not out and about with you, the gang spends most of their time just trying 
to keep the Ebon Hawk up and running. But the many gaps in walls, ceilings, and floors, the mysterious black panels, missing hull pieces, and 
see-through metal is a lot for even our expert Iridonian to handle. So let's give Bao-Dur a hand! So to speak.

Version 2.0.0 contains lots of new goodies, such as fixed lightmapping, lights for dynamic objects where they were missing, re-cut geometry for 
computer panels to match blinking animations to the appropriate textures, loosened walkmeshes to remove some invisible walls, and a host of new 
texture mapping improvements. This mod also now has you covered for the damaged Ebon Hawk seen in the prologue, fixing the same sorts of issues.

[Installation:]
Place this folder inside of your override folder, found in the same directory as your main game executable. For Steam installations, this would be 
"Steam\steamapps\common\Knights of the Old Republic II\override". If you previously downloaded an older version of the mod, you can safely delete 
it.

If you use either "Animated Ebon Hawk Monitors (not including Galaxy Map)" or "More Subtle Animated Ebon Hawk Monitors (still not including Galaxy 
Map)" by Sith Holocron, Dark Hope, ebmar, and Xarwarz, I have made special versions of relevant submodules wherein I recut the computer panel
geometry again to match the ship animations to the textures exactly. Due to the high quality of these textures, I was able to make the cuts in this 
version even nicer than the ones I made for vanilla. Just take the files found in the "Animated Monitors" subfolder, place them into the main mod 
folder, and enjoy.

This mod takes inspiration from the work of bead-v and ndix UR with "Ebon Hawk Model Fixes". I have recreated and built upon the fixes of that mod 
from scratch, including fixes to a very large number of other model issues. If you currently have the other mod installed, you can avoid any mod 
conflicts by removing either "EbonHawkCockpitFix_v2.0" or "Ebon Hawk Cockpit Fix" from your override, depending on which version you currently have.

[Uninstallation:]
Remove this folder from your override.

[Compatibility:]
Users should expect full compatibility with any other mods, so long as they do not modify/replace the files listed below. This mod is not compatible 
with "Ebon Hawk Model Fixes" by bead-v and ndix UR, but fixes the same issues, as well as a great many more.

If you are looking for some other ways to make the ship a little more livable, there are many texture mods out there that are well worth the 
installation, and all of them compatible with this mod. Sith Holocron, Dark Hope, ebmar, and Xarwarz have authored both "Animated Ebon Hawk Monitors (not 
including Galaxy Map)" and "More Subtle Animated Ebon Hawk Monitors (still not including Galaxy Map)". I even made special versions of some of the 
ship submodules to cater to those textures exactly -- if you use either mod, and I recommend you do, I highly suggest reading the relevant bit in 
the "Installation" section for more details.

You can also check out ShiningRedHD's "Ebon Hawk HD - 4x Upscaled Texture" on NexusMods for a high definition version of the exterior of the ship. 
Dark parts of the ship's map bothering you? Check out "TSL Ebon Hawk Downloadable Map" by Ashton Scorpius. If you have any compatibility questions, 
feel free to ask, though there are not too many mods out there also working on the Ebon Hawk's models, as opposed to textures. For a mod such as 
this, checking for compatibility is as simple as ensuring a different mod does not contain any files of the same name as those included in the list 
below. Note that this mod includes three minorly-edited lightmaps, as listed below.

[Included Files:]
-001ebo.vis
-001ebo1.mdl
-001ebo1.mdx
-001ebo1.wok
-001ebo2.mdl
-001ebo2.mdx
-001ebo3.mdl
-001ebo3.mdx
-001ebo4.mdl
-001ebo4.mdx
-001ebo4_lm0.tga
-001ebo4_lm0.txi
-001ebo5.mdl
-001ebo5.mdx
-001ebo5.wok
-001ebo6.mdl
-001ebo6.mdx
-001ebo6.wok
-001ebo7.mdl
-001ebo7.mdx
-001ebo8.mdl
-001ebo8.mdx
-001ebo10.mdl
-001ebo10.mdx
-001ebo11.mdl
-001ebo11.mdx
-001ebo12.mdl
-001ebo12.mdx
-001ebo13.mdl
-001ebo13.mdx
-001ebo14.mdl
-001ebo14.mdx
-001ebo15.mdl
-001ebo15.mdx
-001ebo15.wok
-003ebob.mdl
-003ebob.mdx
-003ebob.wok
-003ebob_lm0.tga
-003ebob_lm0.txi
-003eboc.mdl
-003eboc.mdx
-003eboc.wok
-003ebod.mdl
-003ebod.mdx
-003ebod.wok
-003eboe.mdl
-003eboe.mdx
-003eboe.wok
-003ebof.mdl
-003ebof.mdx
-003ebof.wok
-003ebog.mdl
-003ebog.mdx
-003ebog.wok
-003eboh.mdl
-003eboh.mdx
-003eboh.wok
-003eboi.mdl
-003eboi.mdx
-003eboi.wok
-003eboj.mdl
-003eboj.mdx
-003eboj.wok
-003ebok.mdl
-003ebok.mdx
-003ebok.wok
-003ebol.mdl
-003ebol.mdx
-003ebol.wok
-003ebom.mdl
-003ebom.mdx
-003ebom.wok
-003ebom_lm1.tga
-003ebom_lm1.txi
-003ebon.mdl
-003ebon.mdx
-003ebon.wok
-003eboo.mdl
-003eboo.mdx
-003eboo.wok
-003ebop.mdl
-003ebop.mdx
-003ebop.wok

[Acknowledgments:]
Thanks to Cortisol and Fred Tetra for making file extraction easy with the Holocron Toolset and KotORTool, respectively, and Symmetric, Purifier, 
Ndix UR, and seedhartha for making importing to Blender simple using KotORBlender. I also want to give a big thank-you to bead-v and ndix UR for 
their work on "Ebon Hawk Model Fixes", and for their generosity.

This modification is not supported by Obsidian Entertainment, Lucasarts, Disney or any licensers/sponsors thereof. Use of this modification is at 
your own risk and neither the aforementioned companies nor the author may be held responsible for any damages caused to your computer via this 
modification's usage.
 